three layers:
    1. Data layer
    2. Domain layer
    3. Presentation layer

    two additional layer: Resources and Shared libarary.

1. Data layer
    the data module which is the part of the outmost layer is responsible for data retrieval. this can be in the form of API call to the server or a local database.
    it also contains repository inplementations.
    This layer has three parts:
        1. repository:
            it includes the actual implementation of the repositories in the domain layer.
            repositories are responsible to coordinate data from the different data sources
        2. Data sources:
            it consists of remote and local data sources. remote data source will perform HTTP requests on the api while local data source will cache our persist data.
        3. Models:
            it is the representations of Json structure and allows us to interact with our data source.

2. Domain layer
    It is the innermost part of the layers and has no dependecies on the other layers.
    Domain layer would be written purely in Dart without any flutter elements,
    the reason is that the domain should only be concerned with the business logic of the application
    and not with the implementation details.
    it contains:
        1. entitites:
                the entitites must be our data types or classed that are used in the different part of our software.
                on in another word, we define in our version of clean that our entities are the objects that can be returned to us or we can send to api 
        2. repository interfaces:
                repositories in domain layer or abstract classes or contracts and define the properties and methods that our project will need in a specific feature
        3. usecases:
            it includes application specific business rules. each event is an interaction of the user with the systen and we can call this a usecase like signup, login and other interactions.
            usecases are nothing but bridges between the layers. it's a single call to business logic 
    

3. Presentation layer:
    this layer presents the app content that triggers the events that modify the application states.
    this layer has three parts:
        1. Pages: which includes application pages.
        2. State Management: icludes files realated to state management that we use such as bloc or riverpod or other state managements. 
        3. Widgets: Includes all the specific widgets that we use on the pages.